As announced by the script, the army will invade Singapore on the 15th.
The
Trade blunt is the harbour anchoring their navy first and foremost.
Marunouchi
After holding the train,
we are ordered to divide the battalions into four towns
and the State Army.
In our units we are almost divided,
and occupied and eliminated Singapore in an 역ви
Oriental Tayasindavingu route must have been infrastructure
and nearby watered river in front of us,
so about 4,000-dava penguins nephew frometon
success Vannab meaningless
We are prepared to stop investors on our platforms.
In addition, ships'
In this situation, we are expected to hold a major control over the situation on an global scale,
and this Sharon War exercise will invest into Fraktion 4.
I want you to know
Some don't, but he is a living Buddha.
Who dreamed of a hold like the fortune from heaven,
the King...
He had a lord and nobled's property insighs.
Instead of that, he would allow his interceptors to go forward
and tell his parents to use beNET les Bankai
Ou graven this we send out an ox2 for the officers are 있both the police and doves of this area,
So we areeedly sending the digils- an آx2- and ̥ safely from our November 5th .